>> Mike North: We have a second
exercise waiting for us.
[LAUGH] So we talked about container
left with a left align nav, and
then adding this right-nav
class to the container.
So what we wanna do is make
use of the parent selector.
So that we can actually get this result,
right?
So we talked about it
as an abstract example.
We never looked at the CSS
that would actually do it.
But what you should have when
we start this example, and
I'll give you your
instructions back in a second.
I'm just gonna show you
the code that you start with.
So I'm going to kill my server right now
cuz it was running the nesting exercise so
we're going to stop it with Ctrl+C.
And now we can run the next exercise and
its name is parent, for
the parent selector.
So what we have here, if we open up
the parent folder and look at the Sass.
You already have the code for
what makes this work
in a left aligned way.
So I want us to make it so
that when we add the right-nav case,
like when we add the right-nav
class to the container,
you will have to go in here.
So right now it already has the class and
as you can see it's not doing anything,
right?
Our sidebar is still to the left.
So the class is applied, it's not doing
what it's supposed to be doing yet.
So right Sass, that makes this work
the way it's supposed to work, right?
And the desired result, going back to
the slide here, is that when we have
the right-nav class added to the container
our side bar should go to the right.
And at the same time you should have all
of the same padding, all of the same
alignment that you do when we have it
in the conventional case on the left.
So you're gonna have to deal with
the borders switching sides and
you're gonna have to figure out which
margins need to be defined where.
This is a good exercise in terms
of defining what some constructive
cascading rules, where you override
certain things strategically
as little as you can get away with
in order to get this desired result